God bless actors I I don't always get
along with them I think for the reason
for those reasons you know when I you it
feels like it's about them and what they
want and they're the they're the
instrument well they're the Stars you
know well you know it kind of goes along
with the territory I mean people in
media people in politics people in
entertainment they tilt towards
narcissism and I'm not saying that in an
insulting way I mean every personality
constellation has Associated vices know
and if you're if you're going to want to
be on camera if you're going to be want
to be around
people that's one of the things that
tilts you in the direction of it sort of
being about you and and if you're a
charismatic personality and you're an
actor you're going to attract people
around you who facilitate that
development let's say and so it's it's
part and parcel of the territory but
you're not really temperamentally like
that oh I cultivated my narcissism okay
yeah yeah no I definitely found that
part within me that was the character of
Vince and I and I you know C you know
they say actors get lost in their
characters right yeah and I did and how
long did onaj Run 10 years right right
yeah so that's a very major chunk of
time oh yeah yeah well so walk me
through that so you got your plane
ticket you went out ta what happened
then got the part when my manager found
out that I got the part he walked into
the room and I and I had no place to
stay I had no car so I'm in his
office checking my email again and he he
walks in and he was the first person to
call me Vince he's like Vince and I knew
I got the part and I hung my
head because I knew that it was going to
totally change my life in ways that I
didn't know if I really wanted and I
knew that I was going to have to commit
to this cuz he used to tell me it's like
you don't even know what you don't know
like you're going to have
access and women and money all these
things because he was you know managing
other famous people so he understood and
he's like you you don't even know you
want it but when you get it you'll know
you want it you know you'll know it's
great and it was going to change my life
and because it's a commitment when you
audition for something like that you
have to sign a six-year contract right
right so you're already committed before
they even give you the role and it did
it changed my life entirely and I had to
learn to be that celebrity
or my own version my own expression of
that celebrity and then with the success
of the show and the popularity of the
characters and people would come up to
me and you know instant approval instant
you walk into a room and you know yay
you know you get that attention that um
the that just acceptance had that
happened to you at all before I mean
you'd had some success as a as a as an
actor before that but not not not like
that oh totally different yeah I mean
and you were so you were about 28 you
said when this 28 27 28 okay so you're
not a kid when this happened so that's
something so all right so now you have
what in you said instant accessibility
instant approval MH right tell me about
the character that you played and how
that tangled up into
that yeah so Vince is a celebrity who's
you know very very nonchalant
and you know the the whole um the whole
uh theme is if this doesn't work out if
all the fame and fortune doesn't work
out I can always move back to Queens so
it was like a
perfect talk about typ cast right I mean
all the characters have that's very
strange we're all New York kids and you
know and our and we we were all very
well-cast you know but I think that's
partly they were writing the character
to reflect me oh yeah okay and partly
that was the character that was because
that's fun trying to distinguish your
actual life from your role it was more
fun to blur the
lines um because you start
to acques to people's wanting you to be
the character oh do shots with us right
like yeah okay I'll you know do some
shots with these guys and I'm I like
people so yeah and then you know then
there's the the the pitfalls and the the
women and the and the you know and I
started to believe that that was the way
it's supposed to be right you mean
supposed to be meaning that success yeah
Vince gets all the girls and the money
and the power and the fame and um and
that was appropriate and good and as as
his star rose my star rose and it just
became easier and easier to say yes to
the indulgences and I got really good at
it whereas before I was leery of it yeah
you get you know you allow yourself to
enjoy it um you know very easily becomes
easy to say
yes what especially when it's Justified
well you're the celebrity of course you
know you get you get the accolades you
must know a little bit about that
yourself sleep is a foundation for our
mental and physical health in other
words you've got to have a consistent
nighttime routine to function at your
best but if you're struggling with sleep
then you've got to check out Beam Beam
isn't your run-ofthe-mill sleep aid it's
a concoction carefully crafted to help
you rest without the grogginess that
often accompanies other sleep remedies a
bunch of us here at the daily wire count
on beam's dream powder to knock us out
and sleep better through the night so we
can show up ready for work the next day
just mix beam dream into hot water or
milk stir or froth and then enjoy before
bedtime then wake up feeling refreshed
without the next day grogginess caused
by other Sleep Products dream contains a
powerful allnatural blend of RI
magnesium eleanine appenine and
melatonin to help you fall asleep stay
asleep and wake up refreshed and with it
now being available and delicious
flavors like cinnamon cocoa chocolate
peanut butter and mint chip better sleep
has never tasted better and today
listeners of this show can get a special
discount on beam's dream powder get up
to 40% off for a limited time when you
go to shop beam.com Peterson and use
code Peterson at checkout that's shop
bam.com Peterson and use code Peterson
for up to 40%
off I mean this all happened to me when
I was pretty old oh right so I mean I I
was laboring under some degree of of
obscurity till I was about 50 you know
53 54 so you know I I was already fairly
cemented into place by the time I that's
right yeah right right and you know I I
have a very tight family and a very
tight network of friends and so that's
also made a substantial difference to me
I don't know what it would have been
like to have encountered that sort of
thing when I was much younger I mean I
probably would have been wild especially
if I would have done it before I quit
drinking so I quit drinking when I was
about 25 26 something like that you know
and that straightens out your life
pretty radically but I was pretty wild
you know when I was drinking so right so
so I you know growing up in New York
there's a little bit of nihilism Godless
you know and th this was now the overlay
of my my e my ego which was see you know
I am the man I you know I got the part
and people are you know approval
approving of me yeah so it just yeah
well it's a very difficult
thing I mean I don't know exactly how it
is that you can
resist part of being socialized is to
pay attention to what others think of
you right I mean that's part of being in
the loop for accepting social feedback
and normally you know you're not carried
around on the should shoulders of others
constantly but you found yourself in
that situation essentially it's like it
isn't obvious to me how people can
withstand that um I've talked to Russell
Brand a little bit about that because he
was spectacularly successful and also
you know um what would you say in the
market for whatever repetitive um urges
might make themselves manifest and so
you know he's talked to me a little bit
about that and he paid to I would say a
relatively heavy price for that he and I
might have been friends if we weren't
competing for the same chicks aha
did you know him in did you know him in
La we cross paths a few times uhuh all
right so now you're in now now so this
is very interesting you resisted
this and now you're now you you were
spending your primary amount of time in
LA when when when Entourage was 6 eight
months a year and then I go back to New
York and by the way you didn't have a
house in La I had a house but that I
stayed when I was there yeah yeah okay
okay I kept my New York address and I
got mail there and my bills there so um
pay taxes
there
so so funny enough like I
um you you should you should check out I
actually made a documentary so I
simultaneously while I'm on this ride
and I'm finding more and more excuses to
indulge and enjoy the lifestyle I was
maintaining a sense of my goodness by
doing environment mental work and
starting Charities and making
documentaries and I still had a band the
whole time in fact the band really uh
got popular after that even though we
might not have deserved it otherwise um
so I I still had my other life which
kept me feeling like I was not not swept
up in that thing right
right but not really recognizing how
much I really was um
you know
captured okay so then so why not be
captured like I mean you were successful
you got the part uh the part was
successful the the um the series was
successful and you have these things
that are laid at your feet so what's the
problem with indulging
[Music]